Everyone, attack!
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"The End of the World"
How many did we lose?
Fourteen died.
No way.
We still have 25 floors to go.
Will we really be able
to reach the top?
Kirito?
Kirito, what are you...
"Immortal Object"?
Wh-What's going on, Commander?
This man is protected by the system so
his HP will never fall into the yellow zone.
Something has always bothered me,
ever since I arrived here.
"Where is he hiding while he watches us
and regulates the world?"
But I forgot a simple
piece of psychology.
Something any kid knows.
There's nothing as boring as watching
someone else play an RPG.
Isn't that right, Akihiko Kayaba?
Just for my reference, will you
tell me how you figured it out?
The first time I thought something
was wrong was during the duel.
In that last instant,
you were way too fast.
I suspected as much.
That was an unfortunate mistake.
You overpowered me to the point I needed
to engage the system's over-assist mode.
Yes, I am Akihiko Kayaba.
And if I may add,
I'm the game's final boss, who would've
awaited you at the top floor.
Not a classy move.
The greatest player becomes
the most fearsome boss.
Not a bad story line, is it?
I always thought that you'd be
the one to stand before me at the end.
Dual-wielding is the skill given to the player
with the fastest reaction time,
and he was to be the hero
who opposes the demon king.
But your power exceeded
my expectations.
Well, these unexpected events are
what make an MMORPG so thrilling...
Our loyalty... Our hope...
How dare you... How dare you?
How dare you!
Paralysis?
Kirito...
What are you going to do?
Kill us all and cover it up?
Of course not. I would never
be as unreasonable as that.
I no longer have a choice...
I shall await you all on the top floor,
within the Ruby Palace.
I've nurtured the Knights of the Blood Oath
and other front-line players,
so it's a shame to
leave them partway.
However, I'm sure that with your power,
you'll reach me eventually.
But before that...
Kirito, I must reward you
for discerning my identity.
--I shall give you a chance.
--A chance?
The chance to fight me one-on-one.
Needless to say, I'll deactivate
my immortal status.
Defeat me and the game will be cleared.
And all the players will be able to log out.
What do you say?
Don't do it, Kirito!
For now... For now,
we should fall back.
Quit playing around.
You're on. Let's finish this.
Kirito!
I'm sorry. But this is something
I can't run away from.
You're not planning to die, are you?
No, I'm going to win.
I'll win and end this world.
All right.
I believe in you, Kirito.
Kirito!
Agil...
Thanks for supporting the
swordsman class all this time.
I knew all about it... That you
spent most of your earnings
helping the middle-zone
players to improve.
Klein...
I really am sorry
for leaving you behind that day.
D-Damn it, Kirito!
Don't you apologize!
Don't you dare apologize to me now!
I won't forgive you...
I swear I won't forgive you until you
buy me a meal on the other side!
Got it.
See you on the other side.
If you don't mind,
I have one request.
What is it?
I don't plan to go down easily.
But if I die here...
For a while at least... I want you to
make sure that Asuna can't kill herself.
Very well.
Kirito, no!
That's not... That's not fair!
Kirito!
This isn't a duel... It's simply
a fight to the death.
That's right. I'm going to kill this man!
He's the one who designed
the dual-wielding skill.
He'll be able to block all of the
pre-programmed combos.
I have to defeat him with my own power,
without using the sword skills!
Faster!
I have to go faster!
I'm sorry, Asuna...
I want you at least to live.
Farewell, Kirito.
You're kidding, right? Asuna...
This can't... This can't be...
I'm sorry.
Goodbye.
That was a surprise.
I don't believe I programmed a way
to neutralize paralysis on your own.
I guess these things happen sometimes.
It's over now...
I believe in you, Kirito.
Not yet...
Not yet!
Is this good enough?
As of 2:55 PM, November 7,
the game has been cleared.
The game has been cleared.
Where am I?
"Initiating Final Phase"
Kirito?
Sorry. I ended up dying too.
Dummy...
I wonder where we are?
Quite a view, isn't it?
Akihiko Kayaba...
The SAO mainframe, located in
the fifth-level basement at Argus HQ,
is deleting all data on
its storage devices.
In 10 minutes or so, everything
in this world will vanish.
What's happened to
the people down there?
You needn't worry about them.
Just a moment ago, the remaining
6,147 players were logged out.
And the ones who died?
What about the 4,000 people who died?
Their minds will never return.
The dead vanish from our midst...
It's the same in any world.
Why...
Why did you do this?
Why, you ask?
It's been so long I've forgotten myself.
I wonder why...
When I began developing the full-dive
environment system... No, long before that,
creating that castle, a world that surpassed
all our laws and all our restrictions,
was my only desire
and what I lived for.
And now I've been able to see something
that surpassed my own world's laws...
How old was I, when I was obsessed with the
fantasy of a steel castle that floated in the sky?
I wanted to leave the ground
to fly to that castle.
For a long, long time,
that was my only desire...
You know, Kirito,
I believe even now
that in some other world,
that castle truly exists.
Yes... I hope you're right.
I forgot to tell you something.
Congratulations on clearing
the game, Kirito, Asuna.
Now then, I must be going.
I guess this is goodbye...
No...
This isn't goodbye.
We're going to disappear as one.
So we'll be together forever.
Before we do, tell me your name.
Your real name, Kirito.
Kirigaya. Kazuto Kirigaya.
I think I turned 16 last month.
Kazuto Kirigaya...
So you're younger than me?
My name is Asuna Yuki.
I'm 17.
Asuna Yuki...
Asuna Yuki.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I promised to send you back
to the other world...
But I... I...
It's okay.
I'm happy I was able to
meet you, Kazuto...
To live with you.
This is the happiest
I've ever been in my life.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love...
A... su... na...
Asuna...
The tolling of the faraway bells
sounded a little lonely to me
So I tried harder, one more time,
this time soaring higher, all the way up
Neither this reality that just keeps repeating itself
Nor all my wishes, as numerous as the stars
Now that I've found the tomorrow
I should strive for
None of them can overcome these feelings of mine
A world without end, opening up before my eyes
Even if it's no more than a dream
Even if I'm still lost, deep in my heart, it is strong
Echoing forever and ever
Shining softly, ever so softly
Next Time: "Return."